README.md, before:

# syscol_helper

![screenshot](https://github.com/cmdr-nowski/syscol_helper/blob/main/syscol.png?raw=true)

Tool to experiment with system colony builds for Elite Dangerous

- Try it at https://cmdr-nowski.github.io/syscol_helper/
- Url encoding for system plans, e.g. https://cmdr-nowski.github.io/syscol_helper/#DFpISw5eBg== 
- Models the dependencies and construction points requirements
- Keeps track of system status effects, basic economy facts
- Click green '+' signs to add facilities 
- Click green column headers to filter
- Export and import for saving system builds to a simple text file
- Undo and redo
- Cargo amounts tracking (approx totals only)
- Preliminary support for [construction point price hikes](https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/elite-dangerous-system-colonisation-beta-details-feedback.634055/post-10572014) after building two additional major assets
- Basic javascript only, no dependencies, run it at home
- 90's html skills on show
- UI/UX - I've heard of them
- Strictly WIP. No warranty. Hours and days spent hauling commodities are the sole responsibility of the hauler.
- Patches welcome!

Commit message:

update readme to link scuffed version

README.md, after:

# syscol_helper

![screenshot](https://github.com/cmdr-nowski/syscol_helper/blob/main/syscol.png?raw=true)

Tool to experiment with system colony builds for Elite Dangerous

- Try it at https://cmdr-nowski.github.io/syscol_helper/
- (or try experimental version with some hauling support: https://cmdr-nowski.github.io/scuffed/ )
- Url encoding for system plans, e.g. https://cmdr-nowski.github.io/syscol_helper/#DFpISw5eBg== 
- Models the dependencies and construction points requirements
- Keeps track of system status effects, basic economy facts
- Click green '+' signs to add facilities 
- Click green column headers to filter
- Export and import for saving system builds to a simple text file
- Undo and redo
- Cargo amounts tracking (approx totals only)
- Preliminary support for [construction point price hikes](https://forums.frontier.co.uk/threads/elite-dangerous-system-colonisation-beta-details-feedback.634055/post-10572014) after building two additional major assets
- Basic javascript only, no dependencies, run it at home
- 90's html skills on show
- UI/UX - I've heard of them
- Strictly WIP. No warranty. Hours and days spent hauling commodities are the sole responsibility of the hauler.
- Patches welcome!
